# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

Instead of flipping cards that show students’ profiles, a more interesting use for this basic layout could be a short description of a specific event or person in history, that students find interesting and would like to analyze from a “digital history perspective” (this might be a very basic, mini-version of the last assignment). All files could be joined and arranged on a timeline, which would provide an interesting overview for both students and teacher. Since the files would not contain personal information, students would have access to the final website and could see their classmates’ historical interests. Both students and teacher could thus find out which topics interest the course – and while students might be inspired by other ideas, the teacher could use this information for examples of digital history projects throughout the course. Finally, this might be a first step for students to think about how they would like to apply digital history methods to a subject of their choice.

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

The most important responsibility in this context is that a person’s privacy is protected, a responsibility that applies to both researcher and students. The researcher has to make sure that students know to which end their data is used and which of their personal information will be publicly accessible. Ideally, there should be options for students to decide which information they want to share. As the website is part of a course, it should only be used in this context and for educational purposes only. On the other hand, students have to make sure that they read the assignment instructions properly, since it contains information about privacy related issues. Participants should own the copyright of what they have published and have the right to delete or change the information. Since each student profile is part of a bigger class project that is coordinated by the teacher, students might not be able to change their profile without the approval of the teacher.

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

The first fields for the suggested use would be similar to the ones used for each student record: Instead of the student’s name, participants would need to fill in the name of a historical person or event. Another field would be used for the time period the person lived in/the date that the event took place. Other fields would be needed for an image, a short description, and some comments about why this particular person/event seems interesting to the student. These fields would probably require more space, which might make the editing process harder. Also, the teacher might not be able to connect the student’s GitHub ID to the real name and e-mail-address as easily as in the original assignment, which might cause some extra work.